Get bits from non-native allocation (#45)
arkworks-rs/nonnative: CHANGELOG.md

### Features

> - [\#45](https://github.com/arkworks-rs/nonnative/pull/45) Add `new_witness_alloc_le_bits` which returns bits used for allocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [\#45](https://github.com/arkworks-rs/nonnative/pull/45) Add `new_witness_with_le_bits` which returns the bits used during variable allocation.
```
